generator CoopShotgun		BulletChip
generator CoopChaingun		BulletChip
generator SimpsonsShotgun	BulletChip
generator RailGun			BulletChip
generator Rocket2			Scorch
generator Rocket2Red		Scorch
generator Rocket2Blue		Scorch
generator DWGrenade			Scorch
generator DWGrenadeBlue		Scorch
generator DWGrenadeRed		Scorch
generator SnowSpeederBlast	Scorch
generator SnowSpeederWeapon	Scorch
generator BowArrow			BulletChip
generator ArrowShot			BulletChip
generator Laz0r				Scorch
generator C7Gun				BulletChip
generator FearSPAS12		RevenantScorch
generator FearBullet		RevenantScorch

generator DickShot			Scorch
generator FlandersBall		DoomImpScorch
generator ATSTBlast			Scorch
generator HothTurretBlast	Scorch
generator Buu342BallBouncer	Scorch
generator DelayedExplosion	Scorch
generator FearExtinguisher	Scorch

generator FearBlood			BloodSmear